suda51 is mental I know because I've met
him and I mean that in a nice way
although I didn't get no more heroes I
was much more intrigued by shadows of
the damned when I watched the
announcement trailer because i also like
quentin tarantino in robert rodriguez
movies this is basically one of those
movies with the gameplay mechanic of
Resident Evil 4 and cyan't Hills
soundtrack and somehow it works you play
as Garcia Hotspur as you enter hell to
rescue your dead girlfriend Paula from a
demon called Fleming I know he doesn't
sound scary but he does have four pairs
of eyes and a head like the t-fal guy
ask your dad you'll be meeting lots of
weird demons on your travels as you
shoot them and hit them over the head
with your partner in crime a floating
skull called Johnson Q lots of do blow
entendre is about mens private parts
that are very self-aware luckily because
of this it's more funny than pure I'll
the other mechanic which adds a twist to
the usual third-person shooter is the
darkness no Justin Hawkins doesn't come
running around the corner like a fan chi
or crooked teeth and wailing instead
when you're plunged into darkness your
health starts to drain and you have to
shoot a goat's head with a light shot
from your Johnson to make it go away
again I told you this game was weird you
can also use the light shot to blast
darkness off demons so you can damage
them and to activate moving slugs that
move around to light your way the
darkness adds a puzzle element to the
game and it's this that certainly makes
you think more than you would if it
wasn't there the game is fun to play but
there are some strange sections that
just don't work there are frustrating
moments when you're chased by your dead
girlfriend than if she touches you you
die a strange repetitive big boner
section that plays like a shooting
gallery and an equally out of place
series of side-scrolling sections which
have you floating from left to right as
a cardboard cutout the similarities with
alice madness returns and this can't be
ignored boss battles are also very
derivative with the old shoot the big
red spot until something happens and
repeat twice more mechanic the games
also rather short I clocked it at six
hours 45 minutes and was hoping I could
replay it with my upgraded weapons and
make them even more powerful I'm afraid
to say you can only start a new game
from the start so the replay factor once
you've finished is practically nil still
while the combat is also a little bit
clunky while it lasts
you will enjoy the game and laugh out
loud at some of the exchanges between
Garcia and Johnson if you like that kind
of thing if you don't it's probably best
you steer clear and play something more
serious with more replayability like
resident evil 5 it's short but sweet so
Shadows of the Damned gets a very good 7
out of 10 you've been watching your
review from gamesweasel if you want to
get the show each week which includes
video game reviews news previews
competitions and special features then
head over to gamesweasel calm for our
video podcast gamesweasel TV games
weasel